# COVID19Vaccine
This project aims to construct a user guide for a specific dataset to assist researchers access the data they need. The project stakeholders comprise of the client, the College of Information Studies at the University of Maryland, the project team, and the users of the open data source. The triumphant completion of the project will benefit the client by supplying them with a repository of documentation concerning the open-source data sets that researchers and students across the university can utilize. The project team will benefit from the experience of researching and analyzing open data sources, as well as the opportunity to generate data analysis examples. The users of the open data source will benefit from the increased accessibility of the data sets and the enhanced documentation of the datasets. The project will involve developing a coherent user guide, detailed essential information about the dataset, illustrating how to use the dataset, elaborating on the data analysis done using the dataset, and what do the datasets show for the users.

The project team has been able to narrow down the topics to Covid vaccine from data.gov, Injury, and Violence by the CDC, and Deforestation in South America from Google Scholar. After a fair vote, the team was able to come to a decision to analyze Covid vaccines from data.gov. The project will consist of constructing a coherent user guide, explicit essential information regarding the dataset, clarifying how to operate the dataset, elaborating on the data analysis accomplished using the dataset, and what the dataset illustrates for the users. Assembling a collection of metadata on Excel to examine each of the datasets to be used to help users navigate the datasets in an easier fashion. All of our final work is intended to be uploaded onto a file on the GitHub repository where users will be able to access our user guide for their further needs. The final deliverables of the project will be comprised of a final report inclusive of all deliverables and supplementary recommendations that are identified over the course of the project, a project presentation delivered to the client and additional stakeholders, and a user diagram developed to coherently display the users how to utilize the open data set.
